For the sake of fairness
How about I do it this time?
Adults please
Since you are all capable people in solving cases
It just so happens that the Criminal Department had a difficult case a few days ago
Let's see which of you can solve it
Sir, you can ask the question.
No matter how difficult the case
Students are confident they can solve it
Xuan Zheng actually did not participate in the whole process
It seems that the identity in front of me is not simple.
Pioneer, how about you?
Hello sir
Go and call someone over
The adults have stayed
These three are the suspects in this case
The older one is Lao Han Li
The young man's name is Liu Neng
The woman is Li Bazu
A few days ago, Liu Neng and Li Dazu went to Jingzhaofu to complain of injustice
Said that Lao Li took 400 taels of silver from them
And Li Lao Han said
It was his daughter and son-in-law who were going to take his property.
Both sides agree
No physical evidence
So it has been impossible to decide
This case is really difficult
As the so-called Jin Guan can't break the housework
That's good, which of you two will come first?
Brother, are you sure?
No hurry, let's wait and see.
It is better for Mr. Li to let the younger generation come first
It just happened to show some people
What is a real case?
Ok hahaha
Then it's up to you first